[RYOTA]
Before I was reincarnated,
I was a miserable salary man
at a toxic company.
Now I'm in a crazy world
where everything's an item
drop from monsters.
In this new life, I'm stuck
at level 1, but lucky for me,
my unique skill has maxed out
all my drop stats to rank S.
Today, I face
a whole new challenge.
A super scary monster
with freaky eyes and...
Wait. Emily?
♪
[growls]
[groans]
Is that you, Ryota?
Never underestimate
my unique skill!
[punches]
[growls]
♪
[pants]
Game, set, match.
You did it, Yota!
Gotta be the cheekiest
low level ever.
[MALE TOWNSPERSON 1]
That was unreal!
[MALE TOWNSPERSON 2]
Incredible!
[FEMALE TOWNSPERSON 1]
What a man!
[MALE TOWNSPERSON 3]
We owe you everything!
[sighs]
If strays are a type of monster
that never drop anything,
then that means this weapon
shouldn't even exist
in this world.
♪
[RYOTA]
I may be stuck at level 1,
but thanks to the OP seeds
I've been finding,
my stats are getting better
all the time.
♪
Alrighty, then.
Let's see if this thing
is as cool as it looks.
[growls]
[gun shots]
Score!
It's definitely a real gun.
Made total mincemeat
out of that zombie.
[growls]
[guns shots]
[rattles]
I wonder how I can get
more bullets for this.
Maybe the ammo will drop
from strays like the gun did?
I'll have to use it sparingly
until I find out.
[screams]
[gun shots]
[sighs]
Thanks, Yoda!
That weapon of yours,
sure is amazing!
I've never seen anything
like it.
[RYOTA]
Nice, right?
Thanks to this baby,
my strength is now B rank.
You and I should go
and check out
the next level later.
Sounds fun!
[RYOTA]
As my stats increase,
so does the number
of levels we can explore.
Feels good being able
to contribute like that!
[sighs]
-No, Eve.
-I noticed, too.
Well. Guess she must have had
somewhere else to be.
We can't expect her to join us
for lunch every day.
[EMILY] True, but we'll save
these carrots for her
just in case.
Yeah, good call.
She might swing
by the house later.
You know what?
You make the best lunches
in this world and the next!
[chuckles]
Here, don't forget
to drink your tea.
Perfect, thanks.
[sips]
I have never felt so...
So relaxed.
♪
[RYOTA] Have you ever been down
to this level before?
[EMILY]
No, I haven't.
But I can tell you
which monsters hang out here
and what items they drop.
We'll be encountering
cockroslimes
and getting some nice pumpkins
off them!
[RYOTA]
Not more slime time.
Oh, well, it'll be worth it
for the pumpkin drops.
[screeches]
Gross!
Cockroslimes are freakin' nasty!
I bet they make girls run away
screaming bloody murder.
They look just like
Earth cockroaches.
[shatters]
[sighs]
[pants]
Um, Emily?
You probably didn't need
to hit that hard.
[EMILY]
Sorry Yoda, of course I did.
The tragedy will only spread
if I don't destroy it
completely!
Don't be scary!
Every last one
must be eradicated.
[RYOTA]
Right. You feeling okay?
[cackles]
[cracks]
[RYOTA]
Hey, a drop.
Look, I did it.
[chuckles]
Well, those cockroslimes
are good and dead.
Let's get more carrots.
Sure thing!
♪
[RYOTA] We've gotta
get out of here ASAP.
I never wanna see horror-movie
Emily again.
[scares]
[screeches]
Each one you see.
Means just one thing.
There are thirty more
disgusting beasts
biding their time
in the bitter dark!
Sweet Yoda. Forgive me.
I may never regain
my humanity after this!
[RYOTA]
Don't be hasty!
Take deep breaths,
I've got this under control!
[gun shots]
Stay strong, Emily!
I swear I'll get 'em all!
[growls]
Can't miss a single shot!
[gun shots]
[RYOTA]
In my whole entire life
have I ever concentrated
so intently on any task?
That's a no.
They're so big!
Looks like another
great haul for us!
Yeah. Too bad we can't possibly
carry all of these.
[EMILY] The infestation
will return if we stay here.
Ready for more death?
Let's calm down
and assess our options.
[explodes]
Hello again, Low Levels.
It's carrot time.
Help yourself.
Eve. Excellent timing.
♪
[ERZA] Thanks for another
wonderful haul!
[RYOTA] It'll take a few more
trips before we're done.
[ERZA]
Great! I'll be waiting.
What the heck?
Looks like some kinda
animal had a feast.
These things are in
no shape to sell.
[growls]
[EMILY]
They're here.
[growls]
No way!
But we're outside the dungeon!
[EMILY]
I have lived my entire life
for this moment of
reckoning.
You're doing the scary
thing again!
[gun shots]
♪
[screams]
[cackles]
Fine, I'll do it!
I'll kill them all!
[sobs]
Give her back!
Relinquish my sweet
Emily this instant!
It's done. They are all dead.
I'm sorry about that.
Those things just give me
the heebie-jeebies,
so I go a little crazy
when they're around.
Don't you worry.
It is not your fault.
♪
[ERZA]
Huh, you really didn't know?
That's what always happens
when you leave dropped items
where there aren't
any people around.
It causes awful monsters
to spawn in the area.
[RYOTA] I guess Emily mentioned
something about that
when the gorilla
stray showed up.
Still, it wasn't on my radar.
Unfortunately, those jerks
ruined the last of our pumpkins.
Sorry. I know you were
waiting for them.
Oh. Please don't worry
about that one bit.
We hadn't closed up yet, anyway.
[RYOTA]
Wait a minute.
If it's technically possible
to force strays to spawn...
...that means...
What would you think about
maybe going out to dinner
with me this evening?
I found a great new restaurant,
and I thought, if you wanted--
[RYOTA]
Thanks, Erza! Bye!
[sighs]
[ERZA]
What was that?
[RYOTA] Once I dream up an idea.
I have to act on it right away.
I got this carrot
in Telulu earlier.
Hope it works.
[howls]
[RYOTA]
My monster bait caught you?
[munches]
Stop it! That carrot is not--
This is a rabbit carrot
if I ever saw one!
The skies could come
crashing down on all of us
and I still wouldn't give
this precious jewel back!
That's by far the longest
sentence you've ever said,
and it was for that?
[RYOTA]
Back to square one.
It's a good thing I thought
to bring so many.
I can't believe
she rabbited away
with nine out of ten, though.
Here we go!
[explodes]
[gun shots]
It worked!
The other adventurers
can't get a drop from a stray.
But I can.
I wonder.
[gun shots]
If I did this
with those monsters,
what would happen?
[EVE]
Boing.
[laughs]
[RYOTA]
Emily!
[gun shots]
[WOMAN 1]
Ryota's max HP increased by 0.
Crap. The drops just keep
disappearing on me.
[RYOTA] Turning monsters
with no drops into strays,
then killing them.
With the power
of my unique skill,
it seems like something
interesting should happen.
[sparkles]
[WOMAN 2]
Ryota's max HP increased by 0.
[RYOTA] I knew my HP
was already maxed out.
Still, I thought doing this
would let me carry the seeds
back without consuming them.
Guess not. Oh, well.
It's about time I met up
with Emily in Telulu.
Those drops aren't gonna
harvest themselves.
[growls]
-[screams]
-[growls]
[RYOTA] Damn! It'll turn into a
stray! Fine. It doesn't matter.
What the...
[ERZA]
That sounds about right.
Monsters will disappear
if they leave a dungeon.
Just imagine
how many strays we'd have
running rampant
if that weren't the case.
So that's how it works.
Even within a dungeon,
they disappear
if they enter a different level.
You must have noticed
there's only one type of monster
on each floor. That's why.
Right. That makes sense.
It's surprising.
You're such a talented
adventurer,
yet somehow there's still
so much you don't know.
I personally think
that contrast,
um, is kind of charming.
That is to say.
-[gasps]
-Thanks, Erza! Bye!
Not this again!
Ryota, you dumb jerk!
[RYOTA] If my latest hunch
turns out to be true.
This method should work.
-It's time!
-[growls]
[grunts]
Same as before.
I only have a split second
before it disappears.
If I can kill it before
that moment passes.
[gun shots]
It worked!
I offed it outside its level,
so that baddie should count
as a stray!
[WOMAN 2] Ryota acquired
a freezing bullet.
Freezing bullet?
♪
[gun shots]
I've outdone myself this time.
There's so much potential
for how I could use
this new ammo!
[gun shots]
[RYOTA]
Emily, now!
[EMILY]
On it!
[yells]
[shatters]
We just freeze our foe
and then slam attack
it's face off.
It's a common combo in gaming.
It seems to work
in this world too!
[EMILY] Hey, Yoda!
That was cool! But, uh...
What kind of ammo
was that, exactly?
A freezing bullet.
It turns whatever I shoot
at into ice.
It takes some time to grind
for those, though.
So I have to use them carefully.
They sound quite valuable.
True.
That's why I'll stick
with regular bullets
unless it's an emergency.
It's up to you to finish
the job if I miss.
Think you can handle that?
You can count on me!
[gun shots]
[rains]
[RYOTA] Looks like we dodged
an epic downpour.
Watch your step.
[EMILY]
You be careful as well!
Deal.
[MALE MERCHANT]
Get it up here already!
[FEMALE MERCHANT]
You're out of your mind!
[sighs]
Are they fighting?
[FEMALE MERCHANT]
What did you call me?
Excuse us. We just need to sneak
by you real quick.
Ah! It's my lucky day.
Bring that cargo up here for me!
This fool will pay you
for the effort.
[sighs]
Awkward.
What kind of cargo?
♪
[EMILY] You can't mean
that thing way down there?
[RYOTA] That's not an easy favor
you're asking of us.
If someone could drop
a rope down,
I could maybe pull it off.
Don't do it!
It's not safe because it's been
down there far too long.
[gasps]
So it could turn into a stray
any second!
[FEMALE ADVENTURER]
That thing's loaded with drops
from some truly
troublesome monsters.
We must burn it all
with magic while we can.
Not a chance!
What are you doing?
That perfume is worth
a hefty fortune!
Your tiny brain can't begin
to fathom how many adventurers
I had to hire to get my hands
on that much of it!
You think I care about that?
You're the one who dropped
it in the first place!
The rain made you
lose your footing.
Well, guess what, fool?
[MALE MERCHANT]
You're fired!
[groans]
That's one very powerful
old man!
Damn. Guess I was too late.
[RYOTA]
What's that?
[FEMALE ADVENTURER]
A monster called a femini.
It lacks a body.
That's why it possesses humans,
to propagate.
[RYOTA] Disgusting.
Let's try this instead!
[gun shots]
[moans]
Done and done!
[FEMALE ADVENTURER]
Take him and run!
Whoa there!
What do you think you are doing?
[FEMALE ADVENTURER]
I have to stop this.
If I don't, more femini
will keep spawning!
I'm going to go down there
and let one possess me.
That will buy you some time.
Go into town and come back
with an army.
If we do,
what will happen to you?
Nothing that I don't deserve.
I was the escort
for this mission.
The responsibility
is mine alone.
[MALE BOSS]
Uh-oh.
You've really done it now.
The client is utterly
furious with you.
[KOHAI]
I'm sorry. So sorry. Very sorry.
[MALE BOSS] Gotta start
all over now, don't you?
Say goodbye to sleep for a week.
Have fun with that!
[KOHAI]
Yes, sir.
[MALE BOSS]
Man. I'd rather die than be him!
[RYOTA]
Hey. Can I...
[KOHAI]
It was my mistake,
so the responsibility
is mine alone.
You have your own work
to worry about, Sato. It's okay.
[sighs]
♪
[RYOTA] My heart was screaming
at me to help him out.
But in the end,
all I could think about
was my own sorry self.
There's no time.
You have to run!
No! I'm going to stay and help!
I'm different now. Better.
♪
[RYOTA] The whole reason
I'm working hard to power up
is for difficult times
like these!
[gun shots]
[freezes]
[yells]
[shatters]
Emily! Are you okay?
[sighs]
Practice makes perfect!
You can count on me, Yoda!
[chuckles]
Thank you. You saved us.
[RYOTA]
You leveled up like crazy!
[EMILY]
I sure did!
I could feel myself
getting stronger!
[RYOTA] Femini are incredibly
powerful monsters.
And you took out quite
a few in one go.
I'm not surprised
your level went up.
I couldn't have done it
without you!
It was such a very lucky day
for me when we met,
and I have a feeling it's going
to keep getting luckier!
You're wrong
about just one thing.
[RYOTA]
I'm the one who's lucky.
[EMILY]
Oh! You really think so?
We feel the same!
♪